docs: First class webhooks (#45352)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/config/batch_changes.md

> NOTE: This feature was added in Sourcegraph 3.33.

> Details [here](../../admin/config/webhooks.md#webhook-logging)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sourcegraph can track incoming webhooks from code hosts to more easily debug issues with webhook delivery. Learn [how to setup webhooks and configure logging](../../admin/config/webhooks.md#webhook-logging).
```

See: https://handbook.sourcegraph.com/company-info-and-process/communication/content_guidelines/actionable_language/#links
